hi guys it's Devin Baltimore and I'm
really excited to announce that my best
volume hair tip ever has hit a million
views yay this is really big and I'm
really excited and I just thank you all
for your wonderful comments and sharing
my video and trying out my video now all
of your hair looks fabulous so it's kind
of like a celebration for that I decided
that I wanted to do a best volume hair
to part two with a completely different
technique different products and it
gives you like a fun flexible hold as
you see I chopped all my hair off and I
really like it for short hair because
sometimes you don't always need that
cemented volume look so stay tuned and
here we go hi guys okay so getting
started just the few things you're gonna
need I when I washed my hair I used this
amazing spray that I'm obsessed with and
I will have a list of all the products
too at the bottom of the screen here
also you're gonna need your texturizing
powder or a sugar dust which is gonna
give you that nice volume and you want
your teasing comb and hairspray and hair
extension piece is optional so just for
fun alright so let's get started so
first you're gonna take your hair here
and you don't need to clip it up you can
just kind of section it off here and I'm
going to tap the dust into my hairline
and we're gonna do this all over the
head and this just really lets your hair
grip onto any teasing you're gonna do I
mean you can see just by fluffing it up
you get some volume anyway then I go to
the other side and do that too I'm
taking about one-inch sections each time
here
so this is what it looks like on your
scale any crazy but it disappears then
we want to move to the back and do the
same thing
all right and then once you've applied
all of that you want to kind of massage
it all into your head just to break it
up and it definitely gives you like a
fun hold so okay now we're gonna take
each section and we're going to tease it
so starting with your top section here
and then remember you want to hold that
hair out 90 degrees and I'm not teasing
very hard just kind of fluffing under
there because that powder really helps
to kind of meet you halfway I'm gonna do
that too and move to the side sections
and on the other side
and then I always like you guys know do
a little bit in the front and then I
will also do my bangs before I tease
this bang section though I want to go
ahead and Flatiron it how I want it to
go
okay so when you look crazy like always
in my videos then you want to go through
and you want to smooth all this out now
remember we're not combing through it
we're just grazing the top here
see how that's giving you a really nice
lift in there now obviously if I still
have my long hair I would do this a
little bit bigger
that's short hair I'm not trying to
scare anybody and for my bangs I'm going
to go ahead and kind of scoot those
forward so that I can fan them off to
the side like so all right so I have
this really cool little extension thing
you can get hair it at your beauty
supply store and take it to your stylist
and they can cut it to fit into your
hair so for this I'm literally gonna
slide this right in this section here
now remember that you want to tease the
section before you put in an extension
piece it just really helps for it to
grip and stay there so it's not wiggling
around slide that in and snap and flip
your hair over
and then you can Flatiron it so it
really blends into your hair I'll take
these pieces I like for my angles to be
really sharp with this so now you have
lots of playful volume that you can move
around and you'll feel that your hair is
like a lot of really cool texture which
i think is awesome for short hair
because you can really you can make it
messy and fun and it's just not going
anywhere
so that's your fun tip for today you are
a soft flexible funky volume technique
and I hope you guys liked it and I will
see you soon all right